# Cloud Podcast, Episode #3

Aired on November 22, 2020.

Hosts: Karen & Lukas.

Topics:
- Serverless GCP
- Low Code / No Code (Google, Amazon)
- Apple ARM silicons in Macbooks announcement
- Lukas' new contract/projects with JAMstack ???

Past event:
- Thursday, November 12, 2020: Certified Jenkins Engineer (CJE) Study Session & Exam Preparation
- November 17-20, 2020: KubeCon & CloudNativeCon North America

Next event:
- Black Friday week (Amazon & co.), ongoing
- Amazon Warehouse Deals 30% off (multiple regions)
- Monday, November 30, 2020: AWS re:Invent 2020 virtual conference
---

Serverless GCP (Lukas):
- Cloud Run
- Cloud Functions
- App Engine
- Anthos Cloud Run

## Google’s no-code solution

Google officially announced the integration of AppSheet into its tools.

[AppSheet](https://www.appsheet.com/) is Google Cloud’s no-code development platform which allows you to create powerful apps without code. It will be part of the [Google Workspace](https://cloud.google.com/blog/products/workspace/introducing-google-workspace) family, which recently brought together Gmail, Calendar, Drive, Meet, Chat, and more (and was responsible for some notable icon changes).

Google acquired AppSheet at the beginning of this year. Similar to other no-code platforms, it uses machine learning to analyze data from a spreadsheet and build a prototype app without users needing to know code.

However, it isn’t the only no-code platform that was released this year — flashback to when we covered the AWS no-code app builder. Amazon’s Honeycode is a great contender with its drag-and-drop interface and similar ease of use.

Both products are robust platforms that require no-code, carry a friendly UI, and allow for real-time deployment. There are of course many other awesome no-code tools that do similar things: Retool, Thunkable, Webflow, Candu, Airtable, or even Internal.
